Yggdrasil

The mind has its own mythology
grown from seed in the ashes
of last night's fire,
a forest of branches
to hang baubles on.

I love a man of myth-
not an unlikely man, no Cu Chulainn
or brash white prince,
he is rough, my man,
and rubs me wrong from time to time.  



A white deer grazes in the brittle grass
and you, my once hard one eyed man,
hang limp.

Odin's horse
terrible steed
hanging from the tree
riding the gallows
the world tree

"I know that I hung on a windy tree 
nine long nights, 
wounded with a spear, dedicated to Odin, 
myself to myself, 
on that tree of which no man knows 
from where its roots run." 
139. 
"No bread did they give me nor a drink from a horn, 
downwards I peered; 
I took up the runes, screaming I took them, 
then I fell back from there."[1] 

the World Tree Yggdrasil is commonly held to be an ash tree, and the first man, Ask, was formed from an ash tree

Elsewhere in Europe, snakes were said to be repelled by ash leaves or a circle drawn by an ash branch. 

the goat Heidrun stands atop the roof of Valhalla and feeds from the leaves and branches of the tree. From her udder flows an endless supply of mead for the einherjar. Likewise, the stag Eikthyrnir also feeds from the tree atop the roof of the hall, and from his antlers water drips into the wellspring Hvergelmir, located in Niflheim and from which all rivers flow.

The stanzas also mention yet more creatures that populate the tree, including four stags that gnaw the highest boughs, named Dain, Dvalin, Duneyr and Durathror, as well as a horde of serpents:

34. 
"More serpents lie under the ash of Yggdrasill 
than any fool can imagine: 
Goin and Moin, they are Grafvitnir's sons, 
Grabak and Grafvollud, 
Ofnir and Svafnir I think forever will 
bite on the tree's branches."[1] 
In addition, an eagle sits perched above while the dragon Nidhogg rends the tree from beneath, and serving the role of a messenger bearing spiteful words between the two is a squirrel named Ratatosk who must run up and down the length of the trunk which is gradually rotting. "The ash of Yggdrasil suffers agony more than men know", and yet according to stanza 44 it is still the "noblest of trees."

