In a hole in a corner of Whelans, we kissed for the first time. I traced the curve of your breasts with a finger and your lips full and soft against mine gave to me like no one elses ever had. It was then that I understood that you, a nameless girl, were the person that I was meant to spend the rest of my days. This was right. This was good. That simple. Sometimes you just know.

But you see the difficulty was I had spent an entire hour leading up to this ecstatic kiss, exploring my alter ego of a South African.

You're not the same

in the halls she cranes to see the slight of his hands
she watched him in the pictures 
now she sees him in the halls
and when she leans to polish silver
she dreams

when love has died
there is something left that remains
though you might deny

we have known each other for so long
we slept beside one another for so many nights
and now never again

it's hard to believe

the hard devisions
the many faces people where
we slept beside one another for so many nights
and now we can't even touch
and I know it's better that way
but how can it be that way
cut loose
a balloon in the wind
a paper boat

there was that last time that we slept beside one another
and we knew it was the last time
and so we didn't sleep or talk but just held one another
and stared at the ceiling
and it was summer
for one last time
and the air of that small room smelled of us

We didn't sleep that night,
but just held one another,
and I stared at the ceiling.
It was summer,
and, for one last time,
the air of that small room smelled of us.

As a small child,
I cut loose balloons,
and, as they rose out of sight,
I imagined other children
in far and unfamiliar wild places
snagging them down from bushes
in their backyards.

We choose the ones we keep,
we cannot keep all that we love,
and love is not enough
to warrant keeping.

rise high fly
find new hands to hold in yours
and wrists to wind around
baby fingered


and loving them
as I chose not



the walls of the room were papered in books
and 

balloon, a tale of love lost

there's a need to wander
in the brambles after berries
I plan to hang my shadow on branch by the river
I plan to prick my fingers and smear my cheeks in black juice
I plan to  rant and rave until the days end leaves the sky bruised
You'll call me a wild woman, you'll call me crazed depraved unworthy of your steady hand
sometimes if I wonder if you long to uncoil babyfingered from my wrist
if you grow tired bobbing at head height
perhaps we weren't meant to be
fly free